Add Vietnamese Elephant with Monochord (#6)
usd-wg/assets: full_assets/ElephantWithMonochord/Readme.md

# Songs of Cultures – Vietnamese Elephant with Monochord

## Video

screenshots/20220604-video.mp4  
_Video with Audio_

## Screenshot

![omniverse](screenshots/20220604-omniverse.png)  
_Oniverse CREATE with skeleton hierarchies and UsdAudio_

## Augmented Reality

> Open this page on iOS and click on the image:  

Reviewer: I downloaded the asset, and hit spacebar on a mac ~ it played properly with sound and without transform or rendering errors. Do we want to say anything about mac quicklook?

Author: Added a note that this should also work on MacOS QuickLook
(side note: I don't think the Mac and iOS versions are identical)

<a rel="ar" href="https://github.com/prefrontalcortex/usd-wg-assets/raw/soc-elephant/full_assets/ElephantWithMonochord/SoC-ElephantWithMonochord.usdz"><img src="screenshots/20220604-screenshot.png"/></a>

## Description

This production model is designed for Augmented Reality playback via Apple's QuickLook.  
It contains both Skeletal Animation on two meshes (elephant and monochord) as well as [UsdAudio](https://graphics.pixar.com/usd/release/wp_usdaudio.html) data.  

## Shading

The model uses the same texture for diffuseColor and emission. This creates an apperance of being "unlit", with no actual Unlit shading model currently being available in QuickLook.  

## Problem: Only one mesh plays skeletal animation

 ![usdview](screenshots/20220604-usdview-missing-skinned-animation.gif)  

>  _The monochord doesn't play the correct skinned animation here._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 _The monochord doesn't play the correct skinned animation in usdview._
```

## Known Issue: Bounds calculations

This model may have incorrect extents. Some viewers may calculate new mesh bounds from the actual skinned data / bones, others may use the provided extents data and thus show only a small part by default.  

> ![usdview](screenshots/20220604-usview-wrong-bounds.png)  

Reviewer: asset filename has a typo

> _Extents leading to wrong start view. Note the small displayed box gizmo in the center of the model._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Extents leading to wrong start view in usdview. Note the small displayed box gizmo in the center of the model._
```
